UI Customization document - initial chapters (#35579)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/ui_customization/topics/preface.adoc

== Preface

> In some of the example listings, what is meant to be displayed on one line does not fit inside the available page width. These lines have been broken up. A '\' at the end of a line means that a break has been introduced to fit in the page, with the following lines indented.
> So: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some sample listings, the intended content for one line exceeds the available page width. These lines have been broken up. A '\' at the end of a line means that a break is introduced to fit in the page, with the following lines indented.  For example:
```

[source]
----
Let's pretend to have an extremely \
  long line that \
  does not fit
This one is short
----         

> Is really: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual content is as follows:
```
